docs: t...over_time functions return fractional seconds (#5715)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/MetricsQL.md

#### timestamp

> `timestamp(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the last raw sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timestamp(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the last raw sample
```

#### timestamp_with_name

> `timestamp_with_name(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the last raw sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timestamp_with_name(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the last raw sample
```

#### tfirst_over_time

> `tfirst_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the first raw sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tfirst_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the first raw sample
```

#### tlast_change_over_time

> `tlast_change_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the last change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tlast_change_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the last change
```

#### tmax_over_time

> `tmax_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the raw sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tmax_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the raw sample
```

#### tmin_over_time

> `tmin_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in fractional seconds for the raw sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tmin_over_time(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the timestamp in seconds with millisecond precision for the raw sample
```
